Restyle 📖♻️：diffuse agent forwarding content for openinf core in 2024 (#1121)
OpenINF/openinf.github.io: collections/_drafts/agent-forwarding.md

services. With SSH keys, you can connect to GitHub without supplying your
username and personal access token at each visit.

> When one sets up SSH, it's necessary to generate a new SSH key and add it to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When one sets up SSH, it's necessary to first generate a new SSH key and then add it to the
```

> **[`ssh-agent`][]**. One must add the SSH key to their account on GitHub before use of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[`ssh-agent`][]**. One must add the SSH key to their account on GitHub before any usage of
```

> the key to authenticate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the key to authenticate may occur.
```

username and personal access token at each visit.

> When you set up SSH, you need to generate a new SSH key and add it to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When one sets up SSH, it's necessary to generate a new SSH key and add it to the
```

> `ssh\-agent`. You must add the SSH key to your account on GitHub before you use

Reviewer: yeah, we need to come up w/ some clear way to consistently refer to this w/o _always_ being **code**

```suggestion
`ssh-agent`. You must add the SSH key to your account on GitHub before you use
```

one moment; i have a good one

Reviewer: > some clear way to consistently refer to this w/o always being code

pls check out the comment in #1111 i have linked below:

🔗 https://github.com/OpenINF/openinf.github.io/issues/1111#issuecomment-1922154764

Reviewer: ![image](https://github.com/OpenINF/openinf.github.io/assets/17770407/a9656f39-06db-4ef1-9b9c-35850d97a363)

alright, according to that, a "text-mode command name" should result in _bold red text in a monospaced font_

for now, we will express this as:

```markdown
**[`ssh-agent`][]**
```

that is linked bold text (!)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***[`ssh-agent`][]***. You must add the SSH key to your account on GitHub before you use
```

> ***[`ssh-agent`][]***. You must add the SSH key to your account on GitHub before you use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[`ssh-agent`][]**. One must add the SSH key to their account on GitHub before use of
```

<!-- LINK LABEL DEFINITIONS: END -->

> During gpg\-agent initialization, the extra socket (named `S.gpg-agent.extra` by

Reviewer: same here.

```suggestion
During **[`ssh-agent`][]** initialization, the extra socket (named **`S.gpg-agent.extra`** by
```

> During **[`ssh-agent`][]** initialization, the extra socket (named **`S.gpg-agent.extra`** by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During _**[`ssh-agent`][]** initialization_, the extra socket (named **`S.gpg-agent.extra`** by
```

[[/note]]

> Although all GnuPG components try to start the `gpg\-agent` as needed, this is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although all GnuPG components try to start the **[`gpg-agent`][]** as needed, this is
```

> not possible for the `ssh` support because `ssh` does not know about it. Thus,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
not possible for _the **[`ssh`][]** support_ because **[`ssh`][]** does not know about it. Thus,
```

> if no GnuPG tool that usually accesses the `gpg\-agent` causing the initial
> start of it ever ran, there is no guarantee that `ssh` can use `gpg\-agent` for
> authentication. To fix this, you may start `gpg\-agent` if needed using this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if no GnuPG tool, that usually accesses the **[`gpg-agent`][]** (causing the initial
start of it) ever ran, there is no guarantee that **[`ssh`][]** can use **[`gpg-agent`][]** for
authentication. To fix this, one may start **[`gpg-agent`][]** ,if needed, by using this
```

> if no GnuPG tool, that usually accesses the **[`gpg-agent`][]** (causing the initial
> start of it) ever ran, there is no guarantee that **[`ssh`][]** can use **[`gpg-agent`][]** for
> authentication. To fix this, one may start **[`gpg-agent`][]** ,if needed, by using this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if no GnuPG tool, that usually accesses the **[`gpg-agent`][]** (causing the initial
start of it) ever ran, there is no guarantee that **[`ssh`][]** can use **[`gpg-agent`][]** for
authentication. To fix this, one may start **[`gpg-agent`][]** , if needed, by using this
```
